Welcome, everybody.
Welcome to Amazing Discoveries!
OH!
OH, IT'S ON AGAIN!
CAN WE NOT WATCH THIS?
All:
SHH!
Folks, This ever
happen to you?
You go to the refrigerator
to get a glass of milk
but these darn cartons are so
flingin'-flangin' hard to open?
You said it, Mike.
Oh! Oh!
There's got to be
a better way.
And there is, Kevin.
CAN WE PLEASE TURN THIS OFF?
NO WAY, KEVIN.
What if I told you
that there's
a revolutionary new product
that guarantees
you'll never have to open
up milk cartons again?
Meet the Milkmaster 2000!
( audience oohing and ahhing )
ARE YOU INTRIGUED?
YOU'RE FLINGIN'-FLANGIN'
RIGHT I AM.
He's never used
this product before.
You're going to see
how easy this is to do.
Go ahead.
This works in any milk carton.
Wow, it is easy.
Now I can have milk every day.
( audience oohing and ahhing )
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
WELL, IT'S OFFICIAL--
THERE ARE
NO GOOD MOVIES.
SO LET'S GO
TO A BAD ONE
AND MAKE OUT.
( cackling laugh )
PERHAPS YOU WOULD LIKE ME
TO TURN LIKE THIS
SO YOU CAN BUNNY-BUMP
AGAINST MY BACK.
HEY, MAN.
WHAT'S UP?
MAYBE YOU CAN TELL ME.
MY AGENT WOULD LIKE TO
KNOW WHY I DIDN'T SHOW UP
AT THE AUDITION
I DIDN'T KNOW I HAD TODAY--
THE FIRST GOOD THING
SHE GETS ME IN WEEKS.
HOW COULD YOU NOT
GIVE ME THE MESSAGE?
WELL, I TELL YOU,
I DO ENJOY GUILT...
BUT, UH, IT WASN'T ME.
YES, IT WAS.
IT WAS HIM. UH-HUH.
OKAY, IT WAS ME.
HOW WAS IT YOU?
WELL, IT WAS ALL SO CRAZY,
YOU KNOW.
I MEAN, CHANDLER WAS
IN THE CLOSET COUNTING TO TEN
AND HE WAS UP TO SEVEN AND
I HADN'T FOUND A PLACE
TO HIDE YET.
LOOK, I MEANT TO TELL YOU
AND I WROTE IT ALL
DOWN ON MY HAND.
SEE? ALL OF IT.
YEP, THAT'S MY AUDITION.
SEE? NOW THIS IS WHY I KEEP
NOTE PADS EVERYWHERE.
YEP, AND THAT'S WHY
WE DON'T INVITE YOU
TO PLAY.
WHAT IS THE GREAT
TRAGEDY HERE?
YOU GO GET YOURSELF
ANOTHER APPOINTMENT.
WELL, ESTELLE TRIED,
YOU KNOW.
THE CASTING DIRECTOR TOLD
HER I MISSED MY CHANCE.
WELL, THAT IS UNFAIR.
I'LL CALL HER.
I'LL TELL HER
IT WAS TOTALLY MY FAULT.
THE CASTING DIRECTOR
DOESN'T TALK TO FRIENDS.
SHE ONLY TALKS TO AGENTS.
WHAT A SAD LITTLE LIFE
SHE MUST LEAD.
OKAY. OOH.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
NO, NO, NO,
I KNOW, I KNOW.
OOH.
( high-pitched voice ):
HI, THIS IS CAITLIN
FROM PHOEBE BUFFAY'S
OFFICE.
UM... IS ANNE THERE FOR PHOEBE?
SHE'LL KNOW
WHAT IT'S ABOUT.
HANG UP.
HANG UP RIGHT...
ANNIE?
ANNIE! HI.
LISTEN, WE'VE GOT A PROBLEM
WITH JOEY TRIBBIANI.
APPARENTLY HE MISSED
HIS AUDITION.
WHO DID YOU SPEAK
TO IN MY OFFICE?
ESTELLE?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO WITH HER.
SO YOUR HUSBAND LEAVES YOU
AND BURNS DOWN THE APARTMENT.
THE WORLD DOES NOT STOP.
IS ANYBODY ELSE SCARED?
RIGHT, WELL, IF JOEY
LOSES THIS AUDITION
THEN THAT IS IT FOR ESTELLE.
I DON'T CARE.
ANNIE,
YOU ARE A DOLL.
WHAT TIME
CAN YOU SEE HIM?
( whispering ):
I NEED A PEN.
GET THE WOMAN A PAD!
A PAD! A PAD!
OH, NOW
YOU WANT A PAD.
( knocking at door )
HEY!
HERE'S MY BOY.
AND HERE'S HIS... BARBIE.
WHAT'S UH..?
WHAT'S MY BOY DOING
WITH A BARBIE?
HE PICKED IT OUT OF
THE TOY STORE HIMSELF.
HE LOVES IT.
HE CARRIES IT EVERYWHERE.
IT'S LIKE
A SECURITY BLANKET--
BUT WITH SKI BOOTS
AND A KICKY BERET.
YEAH, IT'S-- IT'S CUTE.
WHY-- WHY DOES
HE HAVE IT AGAIN?
SO HE'S GOT A DOLL.
SO WHAT?
UNLESS YOU'RE AFRAID
HE'S GOING TO GROW UP
TO BE... IN SHOW BUSINESS.
THIS WOULDN'T HAVE ANYTHING
TO DO WITH THE FACT
THAT HE'S BEING RAISED
BY TWO WOMEN, WOULD IT?
YOU KNOW WHAT? IT'S FINE.
IF YOU'RE OKAY
WITH THE BARBIE THING
SO AM I.
GIVE DADDY THE BARBIE.
GIVE ME THE BARBIE.
OKAY, HOW ABOUT,
DON'T YOU WANT TO PLAY
WITH A MONSTER TRUCK?
( imitating truck engine )
NO?
OKAY, OOH, OOH, HOW ABOUT
A DINOSOLDIER.
( shrieking )
ROSS, YOU ARE
SO PATHETIC.
WHY CAN'T YOUR SON JUST PLAY
WITH HIS DOLL?
I GOT TO GO TO WORK.
HAS ANYBODY SEEN MY LEFT BOOB?
I LOVED THAT MOVIE.
THERE IT IS.
JOEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M SORRY.
IT JUST FELT NICE.
( phone ringing )
JOE, JOE,
ANSWER THE PHONE.
HEY, I ONLY GOT
ONE GOOD ARM.
YOU SHOULD BE DOING
STUFF FOR ME.
GO GET ME
A SWEATER.
JUST DO IT, OKAY?
IT'S JANICE.
IF I GET IT,
I'LL HAVE TO SEE HER TONIGHT.
( ringing stops )
OH, THAT'S GREAT.
I'M GOING TO HAVE
TO SEE HER TONIGHT.
WHY DON'T YOU WANT
TO SEE JANICE?
LAST NIGHT AT DINNER,
WHEN THE MEALS CAME
SHE PUT HALF HER
CHICKEN PICCATA
ON MY PLATE
AND THEN SHE TOOK
ALL MY TOMATOES.
AND THAT'S
BAD BECAUSE...
YOU HATE CHICKEN PICCATA?
NO.
YOU DIDN'T WANT TO
SHARE YOUR TOMATOES.
TOMATOES ARE VERY
IMPORTANT TO YOU.
NO, ALL OF A SUDDEN,
WE WERE THIS COUPLE.
THIS ALARM STARTED
GOING OFF IN MY HEAD--
"RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!
GET OUT OF THE BUILDING!"
OH, MEN ARE UNBELIEVABLE.
WHAT IS IT WITH YOU PEOPLE?
THE MINUTE
YOU FEEL SOMETHING
YOU HAVE TO RUN AWAY?
I KNOW, THAT...
THAT'S WHY I DON'T
WANT TO GO TONIGHT.
I'M AFRAID I'M GOING
TO SAY SOMETHING STUPID.
OH, YOU MEAN LIKE
THAT GUY THING
WHERE YOU ACT ALL
MEAN AND DISTANT
UNTIL YOU GET US TO
BREAK UP WITH YOU.
HEY, YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT?
ALL RIGHT, LOOK, WHAT DO I DO?
I WANT TO GET PAST THIS.
I DON'T WANT TO BE AFRAID
OF THE COMMITMENT THING.
I WANT TO GO
THROUGH THE TUNNEL
TO THE OTHER SIDE.
WHERE THERE'S NO
FEAR OF COMMITMENT.
SO DO WE HAVE ANY..?
DO WE HAVE ANY
THOUGHTS HERE?
I'VE NEVER BEEN
THROUGH THE TUNNEL MYSELF
'CAUSE AS I UNDERSTAND IT,
YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED
TO GO THROUGH
WITH MORE THAN ONE GIRL
IN THE CAR, RIGHT?
BUT IT SEEMS TO ME
IT'S PRETTY MUCH LIKE
ANYTHING ELSE, YOU KNOW?
FACE YOUR FEAR.
YOU HAVE A FEAR OF HEIGHTS?
YOU GO TO THE TOP
OF THE BUILDING.
YOU'RE AFRAID OF BUGS?
GET A BUG.
RIGHT?
IN THIS CASE, YOU HAVE
A FEAR OF COMMITMENT.
SO I SAY YOU GO IN
THERE AND YOU BE
THE MOST COMMITTED
GUY THERE EVER WAS.
AMAZINGLY,
THAT MAKES SENSE.
DO YOU THINK?
OH, YEAH.
GO FOR IT, MAN.
JUMP OFF THE HIGH DIVE
STARE DOWN THE
BARREL OF THE GUN.
PEE INTO THE WIND.
JOE, I ASSURE YOU,
IF I'M STARING DOWN
THE BARREL OF A GUN,
I'M GOING TO BE PRETTY MUCH
PEEING EVERY WHICH WAY.
( beeping )
OH, IT'S YOUR AUDITION
FROM THIS MORNING!
CAN I USE THE PHONE AGAIN?
SURE, PHEEBS,
THAT'S WHAT IT'S THERE FOR--
EMERGENCIES AND PRETEND AGENTS.
COME ON, BABY, COME ON.
( high-pitched voice ):
HI. I HAVE PHOEBE BUFFAY
RETURNING A PAGE.
WELL, SHE'S IN HER CAR.
I'LL HAVE TO PATCH YOU THROUGH.
VERY NICE TOUCH.
OKAY, GO AHEAD.
( giggling )
TALK TO HER.
HI, ANNIE?
FANTASTIC.
YOU GOT IT!
OH, OKAY.
WILL HE WORK FOR SCALE,
YOU ASK ME?
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT THAT.
( clearing throat )
EXCEPT THAT I DO, AND HE WILL.
GREAT. YOU ARE SUCH
A SWEETHEART.
I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE
LUNCH WITH YOU.
HOW ABOUT
WE HAVE LUNCH NEXT...
WENT THROUGH A TUNNEL.
UNBELIEVABLE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
HEY, IT WAS REALLY FUN.
I'VE NEVER TALKED
ON A CAR PHONE BEFORE.
YOU WERE SO AMAZING.
COULD YOU DO ME
THIS HUGE FAVOR?
THERE'S THIS ONE OTHER
AUDITION I REALLY WANT.
ESTELLE COULDN'T
GET ME IN.
I DON'T KNOW.
IT WAS FUN ONE TIME BUT...
COME ON, PLEASE?
IT WOULD JUST BE
THIS ONE MORE.
WELL, ACTUALLY
IT'S TWO.
TWO?
YEAH.
WELL, REALLY IT'S THREE.
PLEASE? YOU'RE
SO GOOD AT IT.
I LOVE YOU.
OKAY, I'LL DO IT.
BUT JUST THESE THREE, RIGHT?
NO, IT'S FOUR.
SO HOW COME YOU WANTED
TO EAT IN TONIGHT?
BECAUSE I WANTED
TO, UH...
GIVE-- GIVE YOU THIS.
OH, ARE YOU A PUPPY.
CONTACT PAPER.
YOU NEVER REALLY KNOW
WHAT TO SAY
WHEN SOMEONE
YOU'RE SLEEPING WITH
GIVES YOU CONTACT PAPER.
WELL, WAIT,
THERE'S MORE.
SEE, THE CONTACT PAPER
IS TO GO IN...
YOUR BRAND NEW DRAWER.
SEE, THE DRAWER ACTUALLY
GOES IN MY DRESSER.
OH, YOU DIDN'T HAVE
TO DO THIS.
YES, I DID.
BECAUSE YOU'RE
MY GIRLFRIEND.
AND THAT'S WHAT
GIRLFRIENDS SHOULD GET.
OH, WELL, I GOT
TO BUY A VOWEL...
BECAUSE "O" MY GOD!
WHO WOULD HAVE THOUGHT
THAT SOMEDAY CHANDLER BING
WOULD BUY ME A DRAWER?
WELL, NOT ME.
BUT THAT'S WHAT'S HAPPENED.
AND... AND THERE'S MORE.
WE SHOULD TAKE A TRIP.
WE SHOULD?
YEP. WE'RE A COUPLE,
AND THAT'S WHAT COUPLES DO.
AND I WANT TO MEET
YOUR PARENTS.
WE SHOULD TAKE A TRIP
WITH YOUR PARENTS.
( cackling laugh )
I DON'T THINK
WE NEED TO
BECAUSE YOU'RE TRIPPING
ME OUT RIGHT NOW.
ARE YOU OKAY?
I AM.
I ACTUALLY AM.
I MEAN, THIS IS AMAZING.
MY ENTIRE LIFE,
I HAVE FEARED THIS PLACE.
AND NOW THAT I'M HERE
IT'S LIKE,
WHAT WAS THE BIG DEAL?
I MEAN, I COULD PROBABLY SAY,
"LET'S MOVE IN TOGETHER"
AND I'D BE OKAY.
YOU PROBABLY WANT US
TO MOVE IN TOGETHER?
IT DOESN'T SCARE ME.
YEAH, WELL, IT SCARES ME.
I MEAN, I'M NOT EVEN
DIVORCED YET, CHANDLER.
YOU JUST INVITED ME
OVER FOR PASTA.
ALL OF A SUDDEN YOU'RE TALKING
ABOUT MOVING IN TOGETHER.
I WASN'T EVEN THAT HUNGRY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
IT'S GETTING REALLY LATE
AND I SHOULD JUST...
NO, DON'T GO.
I'VE SCARED YOU.
I'VE SAID TOO MUCH.
I'M HOPELESS AND AWKWARD
AND DESPERATE FOR LOVE.
HEY, JANICE, IT'S ME.
UM... YEAH, I JUST WANTED
TO APOLOGIZE IN ADVANCE
FOR HAVING CHASED YOU
DOWN THE STREET.
BYE-BYE.
HERE YOU GO, HONEY.
THIS WILL HELP.
SO I CATCH UP TO HER
AND SHE SAYS THIS
RELATIONSHIP'S GOING TOO FAST
AND WE HAVE TO SLOW DOWN.
EWW, THAT IS
NEVER GOOD.
THEN I GOT ALL...
NEEDY AND CLINGY.
OKAY. NOW WAIT A MINUTE.
WAIT A MINUTE. WAIT.
MAYBE IT'S NOT SO BAD.
HOW DID YOU LEAVE IT?
SHE SAID SHE'D CALL ME.
OH!
OH, GOD.
WELCOME TO OUR SIDE
OF THE TUNNEL.
( groans )
THIS ICE CREAM TASTES
LIKE CRAP BY THE WAY.
YEAH. WELL, THAT'S THAT LOW-CAL,
NON-DAIRY SOY MILK JUNK.
WE SAVE THE REAL STUFF
FOR THE TRULY TERMINAL CASES.
WHEN YOU START
GETTING SCREWED
OVER ALL THE TIME
YOU GOTTA SWITCH TO LOW-FAT.
YEAH, YOU DO.
SO, YOU... YOU DON'T
THINK I'M TERMINAL?
NO. NOT AT ALL.
YOU'RE NOT TERMINAL.
YOU JUST NEED SOME
DAMAGE CONTROL.
OKAY. OKAY.
SO, SHOULD I CALL HER?
NO!
IT'S A VERY CRITICAL TIME NOW.
IF YOU FEEL YOURSELF REACHING
FOR THAT PHONE
YOU GO SHOE SHOPPING,
GET YOUR BUTT IN A BUBBLE BATH.
IF YOU WANT HER BACK,
YOU MUST START ACTING ALOOF.
SHE HAS TO KNOW
YOU'RE NOT NEEDY.
RIGHT. SO, WHAT
YOU HAVE TO DO IS
YOU HAVE TO ACCIDENTALLY
RUN INTO HER ON PURPOSE
AND THEN ACT ALOOF.
SO, I'M NOT GOING
TO LOSE HER?
OH, HONEY
YOU'RE NOT
A TOTAL LOSER.
I SAID, "SO, I'M NOT GOING
TO LOSE HER?"
OH.
GUESS WHO'S HERE.
IT'S THE TOUGHEST GUY
IN TOYLAND, BEN.
♪ REAL AMERICAN HERO ♪
♪ I'M G.I. JOE... ♪
DROP THE BARBIE.
G.I. JOE?
YOU REALLY THINK HE'S
GOING TO FALL FOR THAT?
G.I. JOE?
COOL. CAN I PLAY?
LOOK, BEN, IT'S
THE TOY THAT PROTECTS
U.S. OIL INTERESTS OVERSEAS.
GO, JOE!
HELLO... OH.
PHOEBE, THERE YOU ARE.
NO. IT'S NOT. SORRY.
BUT, PHOEBE, WAIT. WAIT.
PHOEBE. PHOEBE.
OH, JOEY.
OH, OKAY.
SEE, I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE YOU
IN THOSE... PANTS.
LISTEN, THAT TV MOVIE
I WENT IN FOR--
DID YOU HEAR ANYTHING?
I THINK I GOT A SHOT AT IT.
YES. THEY CALLED.
YOU DIDN'T GET IT.
OKAY? I MEAN,
I'M SORRY.
THAT'S OKAY.
THESE THINGS HAPPEN.
BUT THEY SHOULDN'T HAPPEN.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE IN A TERRIBLE,
TERRIBLE BUSINESS.
OH, GOD, I DON'T WANT TO BE
THE PERSON WHO MAKES
YOUR FACE LOOK LIKE THAT.
I'M... I'M OKAY. SEE?
NOW YOU'RE SAD AND CREEPY.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I'M SORRY.
I QUIT. OKAY?
NO, NO. YOU CAN'T QUIT.
YOU'RE THE BEST AGENT
I EVER HAD.
LOOK, PHEEBS
REJECTION IS PART
OF BEING AN ACTOR.
YOU CAN'T TAKE
IT PERSONAL.
NOT PERSONAL? REALLY?
THEY SAID THEY'D MET
AN ITALIAN ACTOR
WITH A WORSE ITALIAN ACCENT.
THEY ACTUALLY SAID THAT?
YEAH. OH, GOD,
THERE'S THAT FACE AGAIN.
SEE? I CAN'T DO THIS JOB.
SEE, THIS IS WHY YOU
HAVE TO DO THIS JOB.
AGENTS ALWAYS LIE.
YOU KNOW, ESTELLE
JUST SAYS STUFF LIKE
"THEY WENT ANOTHER WAY,"
BUT THIS-- I CAN USE THIS.
( Italian accent ):
I CAN-A WORK ON-A
YOU ACACENTAY.
YEAH. OKAY.
NO, IF IT HELPS YOU,
OKAY, YEAH.
YOU'LL NEVER GET ME, JOE.
( imitating gunshots )
( groaning )
NO, THANK YOU.
CHANDLER.
HELLO... JANICE.
WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
OH, JUST A BIT OF SHOPPING.
HOW'VE YOU BEEN?
ARE YOU BEING BRITISH?
NO. NOT ANYMORE.
WHY ARE YOU
SHOPPING HERE?
YOU DON'T LIVE IN
THIS NEIGHBORHOOD.
WERE YOU HERE
WAITING FOR ME?
( scoffs )
YA-HUH.
I'M JUST, UH, YOU KNOW,
PICKING UP SOME THINGS
FOR A PARTY.
BARLEY?
WHAT KIND OF A PARTY
SERVES BARLEY?
WELL, I'M SORRY IF MY FRIENDS
AREN'T AS SOPHISTICATED
AS YOURS.
WHERE IS THIS PARTY?
HERE IN CHELSEA.
WHOSE PARTY IS IT?
A WOMAN'S.
WHAT WOMAN?
CHELSEA.
OKAY. YOU KNOW
ONE OF TWO THINGS
IS HAPPENING HERE.
EITHER YOU'RE SEEING SOMEBODY
BEHIND MY BACK
WHICH WOULD MAKE YOU
THE BIGGEST JERK ON THE PLANET
OR PRETENDING
YOU'RE SEEING SOMEBODY
WHICH JUST MAKES YOU SO PATHETIC
I COULD START CRYING
HERE IN THE CEREAL AISLE.
SO, LIKE WHICH OF THESE
TWO GUYS DO YOU WANT TO BE?
( voice quivering ):
COULD I BE THAT GUY?
OKAY, SO WE GOT
SOME MORE GOOD REJECTIONS--
LOTS OF STUFF TO WORK ON.
OH. OKAY, SHOOT.
OKAY. UM, OH,
THE ZOO COMMERCIAL.
I DIDN'T GET IT?
NO. THEY SAID THAT YOU
"WEREN'T BELIEVABLE
AS A HUMAN BEING."
SO, YOU CAN WORK ON THAT.
OKAY. UH, WHAT ELSE?
UM, THE OFF-BROADWAY PLAY
PEOPLE SAID
THAT YOU WERE
PRETTY BUT DUMB.
OH.
OH, NO. WAIT. I'M SORRY.
THAT'S "PRETTY DUMB."
LOOK, THAT'S OKAY.
NO, NO, NO. REALLY.
LOOK, UM, I REALLY
APPRECIATE THIS, PHEEBS
BUT... I THINK I'M GOING
TO HAVE TO GO
BACK TO ESTELLE.
OH.
DON'T GET ME WRONG.
YOU'RE A BETTER AGENT
THAN SHE IS, BUT WITH HER
I DON'T WANT TO BLOW MY
PRETTY DUMB BRAINS OUT.
YEAH. I KNOW.
I UNDERSTAND.
YOU DO? THANKS.
YEAH.
OKAY.
SORRY.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT?
DID YOU JUST MAKE
ALL THAT STUFF UP
TO GET OUT OF
BEING MY AGENT?
OOH, YOU CAUGHT ME.
HUH.
I AM SO BUSTED.
( Italian accent ):
THAT'S-A WHAT
I SUSPECTED-A.
HUH?
AND THEN I JUST,
YOU KNOW...
THREW THE BAG
OF BARLEY AT HER
AND RAN OUT
OF THE STORE.
OH, MY GOD, CHANDLER.
WE SAID, "BE ALOOF,"
NOT, "A DOOF."
I'VE ACTUALLY RUINED
THIS, HAVEN'T I?
( groans )
IT'S TIME
FOR THE GOOD ICE CREAM, RIGHT?
YEAH, IT IS.
OKAY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
EVERYTHING'S GOING
TO BE OKAY.
( phone ringing )
HELLO.
HI, JANICE.
CAN YOU HOLD ON
FOR A SECOND?
OKAY.
OKAY, WHAT DO I DO?
I DON'T KNOW.
THIS IS TOTALLY
UNPRECEDENTED.
IF WE EVER DID
WHAT YOU DID
A MAN WOULD NEVER CALL.
NO, NO...
OKAY, I GOT IT.
PRETEND THAT YOU
JUST WOKE UP.
THAT'LL THROW HER OFF.
BE SLEEPY.
YES, AND GRUMPY.
STOP NAMING DWARFS.
HELLO, JANICE.
HI. I'M SO GLAD
THAT YOU CALLED.
I KNOW I'VE BEEN ACTING
REALLY WEIRD...
LATELY, AND...
IT'S JUST BECAUSE
I'M CRAZY ABOUT YOU, AND...
( sighs )
I JUST GOT...
STUPID AND SCARED AND...
AND STUPID A COUPLE MORE TIMES.
AND I'M SORRY.
REALLY?
( laughing )
HE'S SO LUCKY.
IF JANICE WERE A GUY
SHE'D BE SLEEPING WITH
SOMEBODY ELSE BY NOW.
MM-HMM.
I LOVE YOU TOO.
OH, IT'S SO UNFAIR.
G.I. JOE.
G.I. JOE?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
TO TELL YOU GUYS.
THAT'S THE DOLL HE CHOSE.
WHAT'D YOU DO?
DIP IT IN SUGAR?
LOOK, G.I. JOE'S IN,
BARBIE'S OUT.
AND IF YOU GUYS
CAN'T DEAL WITH IT,
THAT'S JUST YOUR TOO BAD.
WHAT ARE YOU BEING
SUCH A WEENIE FOR?
SO HE HAS A BARBIE-- BIG DEAL.
YOU USED TO DRESS UP
LIKE A WOMAN.
WHAT?
THE WAY YOU DRESSED UP
IN MOM'S CLOTHES?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
THE BIG HAT, THE PEARLS
THE LITTLE PINK HANDBAG?
OKAY. YOU ARE TOTALLY
MAKING THIS UP.
HOW CAN YOU NOT REMEMBER?
YOU MADE US CALL YOU "BEA."
OH, GOD.
I HAVE LITERALLY NEVER
BEEN THIS HAPPY.
AND WASN'T THERE
A LITTLE SONG?
OH, PLEASE, GOD,
LET THERE BE A SONG.
THERE WAS NO SONG.
♪ I AM BEA ♪
OKAY.
♪ I DRINK TEA ♪
OKAY, THAT'S ENOUGH.
♪ WON'T YOU..? ♪
"WON'T YOU DANCE
AROUND WITH ME?"
( laughing )
♪ I AM BEA ♪
♪ I DRINK TEA ♪
♪ WON'T YOU DANCE
AROUND WITH..? ♪
OH...
ROSS.